---
layout: cv
permalink: /cv/
title: cv
nav: true
nav_order: 4
cv_pdf: cv.pdf
description: 
toc:
  sidebar: left
---

# Weng Haoyang

I am a first-year undergraduate student in Yao Class (founded by Andrew Yao), Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University.

[Github](https://github.com/EGalahad)

## Education Experience

**High School** @ [Zhenhai High School of Ningbo](https://zhzx.net.cn)

- Physics Competition: Gold Medal of 37th CPhO (Chinese Physics Olympiad), selected for APhO (Asian Physics Olympiad).

**University** @ [Tsinghua](https://www.tsinghua.edu.cn), [IIIS](https://iiis.tsinghua.edu.cn)

- Taken a number of courses, including (the ones I feel most rewarding):

  - Introduction to AI: where I received lectures from researchers over the globe and (was forced to) read ai papers from all fields. It is the first course that learned about the field of mlsys which I am currently most interested in.

  - Deep Learning: where I learned various models and architectures including classification models, generative models, sequence models, and concepts in meta learning, zero shot, etc, and trained most of them for the first time. And I also undertake I large AI project that fix closed eyes in group photos by inpainting using gan, which will be released soon.

## Skills

**Progamming Languages**

- C/Cpp: I am familiar with c/c++, having experience in building an oop based project that contained 4000+ LOC from scratch, to extract frames from video, using ffmpeg's libav library.

- Python: 
  - I have rich experience developing with python, and am aware of many mechanism differences that distinguish python from c/c++.
  - I have some experience building deep ai models, like ebm, flow, vae, gan, lstm and transformers, relatively little experience in profiling model memory usage, dealing with gradient explosion.
  - I have very little experience in django.

**Relevant Interests**

- OS: I am interested in operating systems, and is familiar using Arch Linux.
- ML Systems: I am also interested in the mechanisms and differences behind ml systems such as pytorch and tensorflow (though I don't like the latter because I don't know how to use it), and are enchanted by the sophisticated design and ease of use.